Update docs on docs (#1137)
opensafely-core/databuilder: DEVELOPERS.md

    just docs-serve

> :warning: The documentation will look slightly different from OpenSAFELY's.  Relative links to

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
:warning: The documentation will look slightly different from OpenSAFELY's. Relative links to
```

sections of the main documentation outside of the /data-builder sections will not work (although
a scheduled [Github Action](https://github.com/opensafely-core/databuilder/actions/workflows/check-docs-links.yml) runs overnight to check them).

We may be able to improve this later, depending on the behaviour of the mkdocs plugin that
we use: see https://github.com/opensafely-core/databuilder/issues/1126

### Structure

> Databuilder documentation is located in the [docs](docs/) directory.  Local configuration is

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
Databuilder documentation is located in the [docs](docs/) directory. Local configuration is
```

specified in the `mkdocs.yml` located at the repo root.

The `docs/` directory contains some files which are generated from the databuilder code and from

> other documentation files.  Specifically these are files at:

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
other documentation files. Specifically these are files at:
```

This generates the markdown files in `docs/includes/generated_docs`.

This command runs as a pre-commit hook and will fail if there are any changes to the

> generated markdown files.  It is a developer's responsibility to update the generated docs in

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
generated markdown files. It is a developer's responsibility to update the generated docs in
```

   ````
   ```python title="$YOUR_DATASET_DEFINITION_FILENAME"
   ---8<-- "ehrql-tutorial-examples/$YOUR_DATASET_DEFINITION_FILENAME"
   ```
   ````
5. Use the `read_csv` feature of the [table-reader plugin](https://github.com/timvink/mkdocs-table-reader-plugin)
   in the relevant documentation page's Markdown file:
   to include the input and output CSVs as nicely formatted tables.

   You will need one `read_csv` entry for each CSV.

   Use the `keep_default_na=False` option to include blank table cells
   instead of the text `nan`.

#### Building dataset definition outputs

The easiest way is via the relevant `just` recipe.

```
just docs-build-dataset-definitions-outputs
```

#### Updating content

A GitHub Actions workflow checks that the dataset definition outputs are current.

If you modify existing example data or dataset definitions,
make sure that you:

* Commit the files you have directly changed.
* Rebuild the output CSVs and commit those if they have changed.
* Review all documentation pages that use the files you have edited,
  and check if any explanatory text requires amending as a result of your changes.

> ### Keeping the version of databulder used for the tutorial examples in sync

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
### Syncing the databuilder Docker image version with the tutorial examples
```
